Admin: https://foodorder.devtechnosys.tech/admin/dashboard
ID: - lieatz@getnada.com
PW- 12345678


1. Admin/Dashboard/Customer/Customer Edit 
	1.Mobile Number - Less than 8 digit number should not be accepted.
	2.Profile Image - Should be accepted in .png .jpg .jpeg format only
		(Case I : While Changing Profile Image(Valid / Invalid)at the time when Mobile Number is in 5 digit and click on Submit button then it shows alert below Mobile 			  number. Alert : Mobile Must Be Greater Than 8 Letters.
		 Case II : While changing Profile Image(Valid / Invalid)at the time when Mobile Number is Greater than 8 digit and click on Submit button then the Profile 			   Image is accepted.  )

2.Admin/Dashboard/Customer/Create Customer
	1.Mobile Number - Less than 8 digit number should not be accepted.
	2.Profile Image - Should be accepted in .png .jpg .jpeg format only
	3.Email Addres  - If any Id(Email Id is deleted from admin Panel) then it should be accepted if uses again while creating a customer.
			  (Case I : While Creating a new customer and uses the email addres which is already  saved in the admin panel then it shows alert : This Email Id is 				    already used which is correct.
			   Case II :While Creating a new customer and uses the email addres which is already deleted from the admin panel then it shows alert : This Email Id 				            is already used which is incorrect .) 
3.Restaurant : Dashboard/Restaurant Add
		1. It should diplay an alert while filling a form and click on submit button if the values in the form is in valid.
		  (Case : While entering invalid Values in the restaurant the form is not submitted which is correct but it also not showing an alert)
		2. Payment Type should be multi selected.
		3. Cuisine should be multi selected.
		
4.Restaurant :Dashboard/Restaurant/Restaurant Edit
		1. Unable to enter any value(Character/Digit) in Average price for 1 people shows alert when submitting the form. Alert:Please enter average porice for 1 		           person. ---> Only it accept $ . 
		2. It shows alert in location (which is taken from Google)when submitting the form . Alert : Location must be less the 100 letters which is incorrect.

5.Dashboard/Driver/Driver add
		1.It should diplay an alert while filling a form and click on submit button if the values in the form is in valid.
		  (Case : While entering invalid Values in the restaurant the form is not submitted which is correct but it also not showing an alert)
		2. Suggestion : Liscence, Vehicle Document ,ID Proof should also accept doc , pdf file.
		3. It does not display any validation if user upload file more then 3 MB in Profile Image, Lisence, Vechicle Document , ID Proof

6.Dashboard/Order Management 
		1.Suggestion : The Search should be in top left corner with show enteries.
7.Dashboard : The count of Customer , Restaurant , Driver on Dashboard should be same as the actual total count after deleting /editing the Customer , Restaurant , Driver.

8.Global Setting 
		Form : 1.Email : Email addres should be in proper format. 
		       2.Google , Instagram , Twitter field should accept proper URL.
				(Google , Instagram , Twitter field accepting any character value.)
		       3.Copyright should be in proper Copyight format.
		       4.It should diplay an alert while filling a form and click on submit button if the values in the form is in valid.

9.Email Template : Query : What is the use of same repeated title in Email template.

10.Menu Category Management : Suggestion : 1. If admin add any new category then the category  successful alert  should also display on the same page.

11.Cuisine Management : Suggestion : 1. If admin add any new cuisine then the category  successful alert  should also display on the same page.

12.App Banner Management : Suggestion : Title field should be validate to 55 Characters in case admin add more than 10 characters.
			   Suggestion : Deleting any title of App Banner should display a succeful alert : the promocode is deleted successfully.

13.Promocode/Promocode add : 1. Promocode start date/should be the current date or beyond  the current --- no previous date should be accepted.
				Also the End date should be greater than the start date. 
				
			     2. There should be edit option in promocode which are added already.
			     3. Suggestion : There should be two options of discount :	
											1. Percent
											2. Flat Off
			        (Curently user / admin unable to know that what kind of discount he is adding.)
			     		   : Also the Discount field should not be negative.
			     4. Suggestion : Deleting any promocode should display a succeful alert : the promocode is deleted successfully.

15. App Slider Management : Suggestion : 1. Deleting any title of App slider should display a succeful alert : the promocode is deleted successfully.

16.Profile Update : Email should not be editable.
 
17.Notification option is not working.













		

